AUTH_FLOW.md, before:

# ✅ Authentication System - COMPLETE & WORKING

## System Overview

The authentication system is now fully functional with dedicated pages for sign-in and sign-up.

## Flow

```
Homepage (index.html)
    ↓
Sign Up Button → signup.html (Create Account)
Sign In Button → signin.html (Login)
    ↓
Dashboard (dashboard.html) ← Redirect after successful auth
```

## Files

### 1. Homepage: `index.html`
- All "Sign Up" buttons redirect to `signup.html`
- "Sign In" button redirects to `signin.html`
- Removed old auth modal (no longer used)
- Buttons: `#enter-site`, `#enter-site-main`, `#cta-signup`, `#footer-signup`, `#show-login-link`

### 2. Sign Up Page: `signup.html`
- User enters: Email, Password, Confirm Password
- Validation:
  - Email required and not empty
  - Password minimum 6 characters
  - Passwords must match
  - Email must be unique (not already registered)
- Success: Stores user with hashed password in localStorage `users` array
- Redirects to `dashboard.html` after successful signup
- Link to sign-in page for existing users

### 3. Sign In Page: `signin.html`
- User enters: Email, Password
- Authentication:
  - Checks for admin account: `ben.steels@outlook.com` / `fhwe87syu`
  - Checks user array in localStorage
  - Validates password hash using SHA-256
- Success: Sets `currentUser` and `isAdmin` in localStorage
- Redirects to `dashboard.html` after successful login
- Link to sign-up page for new users

### 4. Dashboard: `dashboard.html`
- Protected page (redirects to homepage if no user is logged in)
- Displays:
  - User's email address
  - User's name (from email)
  - Lessons Started (count from localStorage)
  - Learning Streak (days)
  - Overall Progress (percentage)
- Logout button clears session and returns to homepage

## Password Security

- Passwords are hashed using Web Crypto API (SHA-256)
- Only hashed passwords are stored in localStorage
- Raw passwords are never stored or transmitted

## Testing

### Test Case 1: Sign Up
1. Click "Sign Up" on homepage → redirects to signup.html
2. Enter email: `testuser@example.com`
3. Enter password: `password123`
4. Confirm password: `password123`
5. Click "Create Account"
6. Should redirect to dashboard showing your email

### Test Case 2: Sign In (after signup)
1. Logout from dashboard
2. Click "Sign In" on homepage → redirects to signin.html
3. Enter email: `testuser@example.com`
4. Enter password: `password123`
5. Click "Sign In"
6. Should redirect to dashboard with your info

### Test Case 3: Admin Account
1. Click "Sign In" on homepage
2. Email: `ben.steels@outlook.com`
3. Password: `fhwe87syu`
4. Should login as admin

### Test Case 4: Invalid Credentials
1. Enter wrong email or password
2. Should show error message
3. Should NOT redirect

### Test Case 5: Password Mismatch (Signup)
1. Enter password: `password123`
2. Confirm password: `different123`
3. Should show error: "Passwords do not match"
4. Should NOT create account

### Test Case 6: Duplicate Email
1. Sign up with email that already exists
2. Should show error: "An account with this email already exists"
3. Should NOT create account

## Data Storage

### localStorage Keys
- `currentUser` - Currently logged in user's email
- `isAdmin` - Boolean indicating if user is admin
- `users` - Array of user objects: `[{email, password: hashedPassword}, ...]`

### localStorage Format (Example)
```json
{
  "users": [
    {"email": "test@example.com", "password": "7e6e0c3079a08c5cc6036789b57e951f65f82383913ba1a49ae992544f1b4b6e"}
  ],
  "currentUser": "test@example.com",
  "isAdmin": "false"
}
```

## Pages Status

| Page | Status | Function |
|------|--------|----------|
| index.html | ✅ Working | Homepage with auth buttons |
| signin.html | ✅ Working | User login page |
| signup.html | ✅ Working | User registration page |
| dashboard.html | ✅ Working | Protected dashboard for logged-in users |

## Security Notes

⚠️ **For Production:**
- Move authentication to a backend server
- Use HTTPS for all connections
- Implement JWT tokens or secure sessions
- Remove hardcoded admin credentials
- Use proper database for user storage
- Implement password reset functionality

---

**Last Updated:** December 20, 2025  
**Status:** ✅ FULLY FUNCTIONAL

Commit message:

Security: remove hardcoded admin credentials; add admins import from Gist; use admins list for admin checks; redact docs

AUTH_FLOW.md, after:

# ✅ Authentication System - COMPLETE & WORKING

## System Overview

The authentication system is now fully functional with dedicated pages for sign-in and sign-up.

## Flow

```
Homepage (index.html)
    ↓
Sign Up Button → signup.html (Create Account)
Sign In Button → signin.html (Login)
    ↓
Dashboard (dashboard.html) ← Redirect after successful auth
```

## Files

### 1. Homepage: `index.html`
- All "Sign Up" buttons redirect to `signup.html`
- "Sign In" button redirects to `signin.html`
- Removed old auth modal (no longer used)
- Buttons: `#enter-site`, `#enter-site-main`, `#cta-signup`, `#footer-signup`, `#show-login-link`

### 2. Sign Up Page: `signup.html`
- User enters: Email, Password, Confirm Password
- Validation:
  - Email required and not empty
  - Password minimum 6 characters
  - Passwords must match
  - Email must be unique (not already registered)
- Success: Stores user with hashed password in localStorage `users` array
- Redirects to `dashboard.html` after successful signup
- Link to sign-in page for existing users

### 3. Sign In Page: `signin.html`
- User enters: Email, Password
- Authentication:
  - Admin accounts are configured via the `admins` list (localStorage) or via the admin import from a Gist (admins.json).
  - Checks user array in localStorage
  - Validates password hash using SHA-256
- Success: Sets `currentUser` and `isAdmin` in localStorage
- Redirects to `dashboard.html` after successful login
- Link to sign-up page for new users

### 4. Dashboard: `dashboard.html`
- Protected page (redirects to homepage if no user is logged in)
- Displays:
  - User's email address
  - User's name (from email)
  - Lessons Started (count from localStorage)
  - Learning Streak (days)
  - Overall Progress (percentage)
- Logout button clears session and returns to homepage

## Password Security

- Passwords are hashed using Web Crypto API (SHA-256)
- Only hashed passwords are stored in localStorage
- Raw passwords are never stored or transmitted

## Testing

### Test Case 1: Sign Up
1. Click "Sign Up" on homepage → redirects to signup.html
2. Enter email: `testuser@example.com`
3. Enter password: `password123`
4. Confirm password: `password123`
5. Click "Create Account"
6. Should redirect to dashboard showing your email

### Test Case 2: Sign In (after signup)
1. Logout from dashboard
2. Click "Sign In" on homepage → redirects to signin.html
3. Enter email: `testuser@example.com`
4. Enter password: `password123`
5. Click "Sign In"
6. Should redirect to dashboard with your info

### Test Case 3: Admin Account
1. Click "Sign In" on homepage
2. Use an admin account configured via the `admins` list (localStorage) or imported from a Gist (admins.json).
3. Admin accounts are not hardcoded in the repository.

### Test Case 4: Invalid Credentials
1. Enter wrong email or password
2. Should show error message
3. Should NOT redirect

### Test Case 5: Password Mismatch (Signup)
1. Enter password: `password123`
2. Confirm password: `different123`
3. Should show error: "Passwords do not match"
4. Should NOT create account

### Test Case 6: Duplicate Email
1. Sign up with email that already exists
2. Should show error: "An account with this email already exists"
3. Should NOT create account

## Data Storage

### localStorage Keys
- `currentUser` - Currently logged in user's email
- `isAdmin` - Boolean indicating if user is admin
- `users` - Array of user objects: `[{email, password: hashedPassword}, ...]`

### localStorage Format (Example)
```json
{
  "users": [
    {"email": "test@example.com", "password": "7e6e0c3079a08c5cc6036789b57e951f65f82383913ba1a49ae992544f1b4b6e"}
  ],
  "currentUser": "test@example.com",
  "isAdmin": "false"
}
```

## Pages Status

| Page | Status | Function |
|------|--------|----------|
| index.html | ✅ Working | Homepage with auth buttons |
| signin.html | ✅ Working | User login page |
| signup.html | ✅ Working | User registration page |
| dashboard.html | ✅ Working | Protected dashboard for logged-in users |

## Security Notes

⚠️ **For Production:**
- Move authentication to a backend server
- Use HTTPS for all connections
- Implement JWT tokens or secure sessions
- Remove hardcoded admin credentials
- Use proper database for user storage
- Implement password reset functionality

---

**Last Updated:** December 20, 2025  
**Status:** ✅ FULLY FUNCTIONAL
